source/about/index.markdown, before:

---
comments: false
layout: page
slug: about
title: About
sharing: false
wordpress_id: 2
sidebar: collapse
---

Hi there! My name is James Barclay. I'm an [IT consultant][1], designer, developer, and father. I live and work in the San Francisco Bay Area. I'm interested in art, open-source, OS X, software development, and security. I work behind the scenes at a lot of awesome companies, and I frequently get to solve interesting problems for them.

From April 2010 - April 2011 I drew something every day and posted the drawings on my [Tumbleog][2]. I've also made [a][3] [few][4] [comics][5], designed a [few][6] [Websites][7], and started and co-hosted a podcast about my former hometown of Flint, MI.

You can contact me via email at james [at] thisdomain. I can also be found as "futureimperfect" on [Twitter][8], [GitHub][9], and many other places on the Web.

[1]: http://lindegroup.com
[2]: http://koobtra.com/
[3]: http://magic.lib.msu.edu/search~S23?/aBarclay%2C+James./abarclay+james/1%2C4%2C7%2CB/frameset&FF=abarclay+james&3%2C%2C3
[4]: http://magic.lib.msu.edu/search~S23?/aBarclay%2C+James./abarclay+james/1%2C4%2C7%2CB/frameset&FF=abarclay+james&2%2C%2C3
[5]: http://magic.lib.msu.edu/search~S23?/aBarclay%2C+James./abarclay+james/1%2C4%2C7%2CB/frameset&FF=abarclay+james&1%2C%2C3
[6]: http://everythingisgray.carbonmade.com/
[7]: http://ipad.wharton.upenn.edu/
[8]: https://twitter.com/futureimperfect
[9]: https://github.com/futureimperfect

Commit message:

Removed hello.html from page_asides. Added a photo of me to the about page. Removed sidebar: collapse from all pages except the portfolio page.

source/about/index.markdown, after:

---
comments: false
layout: page
slug: about
title: About James
sharing: false
wordpress_id: 2
---

![Me][me]

Hi there! My name is James Barclay. I'm an [IT consultant][1], designer, developer, and father. I live and work in the San Francisco Bay Area. I'm interested in art, open-source, OS X, software development, and security. I work behind the scenes at a lot of awesome companies, and I frequently get to solve interesting problems for them.

From April 2010 - April 2011 I drew a trading card every day and posted said drawings to my [Tumbleog][2]. I've also made [a][3] [few][4] [comics][5], designed a [few][6] [Websites][7], and started and co-hosted a podcast about my former hometown of Flint, MI.

You can contact me via email at james [at] thisdomain. I can also be found as "futureimperfect" on [Twitter][8], [GitHub][9], and many other places around the Web.

[1]: http://lindegroup.com
[2]: http://koobtra.com/
[3]: http://magic.lib.msu.edu/search~S23?/aBarclay%2C+James./abarclay+james/1%2C4%2C7%2CB/frameset&FF=abarclay+james&3%2C%2C3
[4]: http://magic.lib.msu.edu/search~S23?/aBarclay%2C+James./abarclay+james/1%2C4%2C7%2CB/frameset&FF=abarclay+james&2%2C%2C3
[5]: http://magic.lib.msu.edu/search~S23?/aBarclay%2C+James./abarclay+james/1%2C4%2C7%2CB/frameset&FF=abarclay+james&1%2C%2C3
[6]: http://everythingisgray.carbonmade.com/
[7]: http://ipad.wharton.upenn.edu/
[8]: https://twitter.com/futureimperfect
[9]: https://github.com/futureimperfect
[me]: ../images/me.jpg
